Minor cleanup updates (#3)
GenomicDataInfrastructure/starter-kit-se-deployment-notes: README.md

The Swedish deployment is using an external S3 backend for storing the files. However, the Docker compose file in storage-and-interfaces contains a Minio instance, that can be used for archiving the data. In either case, set the credentials of the S3 backend in the `config/config.yaml` file, specifically the `S3AccessKey` and `S3SecretKey` values.

### Update the issuer configuration

> In `config/iss.json` there exists a file that defines token issuers that the download service will trust. Change the REMS block to point to your own REMS instance, for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In `config/iss.json` there exists a file that defines token issuers that the download service will trust. Add/Update the REMS block to point to your own REMS instance, for example:
```
